feat: add orchestrator logic to the gem (#128)
kommitters/bas: README.md

);
```

## Orchestrator: Manager for Scheduling and Running Scripts ##

> This project manages the execution of scheduled scripts based on time intervals, specific times, or days. It uses a **ThreadPool** to run the scripts concurrently, ensuring efficient execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component provides a mechanism for the execution of scheduled scripts based on time intervals, specific times, or days. It uses a **ThreadPool** to run the scripts concurrently, ensuring efficient execution.
```

### Adding Schedules to Your Repository

To use the Orchestrator for scheduling and executing your scripts, you need to define a `schedules` array in your repository. This array should include the paths to your scripts and the schedules for execution.

> ### Example of Adding `schedules`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example of the `schedules` implementation
```
